Add table write example to README.md (#99)
ruby-docx/docx: README.md

doc.save('example-edited.docx')
```

### Writing to tables

``` ruby
require 'docx'

# Create a Docx::Document object for our existing docx file
doc = Docx::Document.open('tables.docx')

> # Copy row of a table and then substitute text in a cell
> doc.tables.first.rows.first.then do |row|
>   new_row = row.copy
>   new_row.insert_after(row)
> 
>   row.cells.first.then do |c|
>     c.paragraphs.each do |p|
>       p.each_text_run do |tr|
>         tr.substitute('_table_placeholder_', 'replacement value')
>       end
>     end
>   end
> end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Iterate over each table
doc.tables.each do |table|
  last_row = table.rows.last
  
  # Copy last row and insert a new one before last row
  new_row = last_row.copy
  new_row.insert_before(last_row)

  # Substitute text in each cell of this new row
  new_row.cells.each do |cell|
    cell.paragraphs.each do |paragraph|
      paragraph.each_text_run do |text|
        text.substitute('_placeholder_', 'replacement value')
      end
    end
  end
end
```
